Well, my special guest right now, you look at him, you think, what is he, you know, put on his mask
Graduate of high school, college now. he's thirty four years young.
uh he preserves well i call him dr. doogie howser i don't know if he likes that he's probably sick of hearing it.
but this is dr. leland stillman.
Md.
and ah he is ah i had the privilege of meeting you at one of these events last year last year and we became friends and ah you have been fearless in the fight to.
to contend for truth and science.
In this whole, what I call, scamdemic,
I mean, we know it's a virus, but the injections and all the things that are happening, and you've been taking care of your patients, you've been working with Dr. Simone Gold, and you're
You're finding great success. And then we had a chance to spend time together. You came out to California. You got to know each other. Yeah. I just have to tell the folks, I'm blessed to call you my friend. My friend.
I'm grateful for all you do.
tell us some of the stuff you're working on. tell us how you got into this.
Whatever's on your heart
So I got into this because several months into Covid, I was working at a rural country hospital in northern Minnesota, and you know I was expecting Armageddon,
And from everything I heard from colleagues and the media... Everyone's going to die. Right, but I was at the sort of the last place it would show up, so I didn't know what to think when it didn't show up and we were waiting.
We were waiting day after day and week after week and the hospital's empty and I'm thinking to myself,
They're going to fire me because I don't have enough patience to merit or warrant employing me.
And then I call my recruiter, Felipe, and I'm like, Felipe, you know, what's going on? You know, is there any other work out there? Like, I'd like to go, because I wanted to get into the action. I wanted to be like
You want to help, aren't you? Right. I said, is there anywhere I can go? Is there any work? He's like, no. Dr. Stone, you're one of the only doctors I have right now in my group of doctors who work.
Work with me who's actually employed.
You need to keep your job. But they're saying on the news that they're getting catastrophic pandemic going on. And that was when I was like, hold on.
Hold on. This doesn't make any sense.
So,
I started to read more the news and read more the studies and it really became clear around hydroxychloroquine and then I ever met in an early outpatient treatment and I'm
And all these great doctors like Peter Corey and Paul Merrick and Ryan Pohl and Peter Mccullough and Robert Malone and some of the last people you would expect to come forward
to say that a virus was not the problem that's being made out to be, and the public health response was way overblown and totally inappropriate. And then that the vaccine was
I mean, it was unsafe and it was back to the point, right? So I just knew. I knew. And even before the vaccine came out and people like Robert Malone really showed up on the scene, I was like,
Thank you.
I was, I spoke out at a rally in Virginia, which is my own state, where I was living at the time.
against what the public health commissioner had said. He said,
If there's a vaccine developed for this.
We...
May
I said, hold on a minute. Wow. I'm not seeing any cases. The cases I'm seeing are not severe. They're in the already severely ill.
Barely ill and ematically compromised. Very sick. Elderly. Comorbidities. Comorbidities, yeah, exactly.
And the vaccine doesn't exist.
And no viral pandemic in the history of the world has lasted this long. We know from the history of public health that even if theoretically a theory of vaccine is going to work, and coronavirus vaccines
Virus vaccines have always failed because the virus mutates rapidly. It's extremely hard to engineer, even from the beginning, right?
So I said, this cannot be appropriate. This is bizarre. The idea that you're going to force this on people who may be ethically opposed to vaccination just out of their religious beliefs. Yeah, how?
Yeah, how they were made through fetal tissue. Yeah. Yeah. Or just because they don't believe in modern medicine. Right. That's our right as an American. We have an immune system. We're going to stay with it. Thanks. Exactly.
Exactly. So I started to learn more about it and read more about it. That interview I gave was what went viral, and you end up seeing that. That's how we met. Now that they've administered it,
administered this shot. And in California, they're demanding that children, I mean, getting this thing, you know,
And they're suppressing the data. We've seen the Pfizer data, which is awful. The death rate's higher than it is with the virus itself. Now we want to put it on our children of a .000000000000000000
Zero zero two percent chance of dying. Yeah. And most of the kids that have died have had diabetes and severe. I know. I know.
and they're they're giving what is the push for that and and what are we seeing or let me correct that what are you seeing in the medical realm.
um of the adverse reaction to this shot. yeah. and what's the what's what's the empirical data that you're witnessing because.
We're not getting it out there. And even bears are just messing with the numbers. I know.
So my practice is almost entirely in vaccinated patients.
And the last two years, about 1,000 people reached out to me for care. And I ended up taking care of about 200 to 300 of those. And those who are not vaccinated know significantly about the vaccine.
significant problems with COVID. I had one patient who almost required hospitalization turned around with ivermectin. Everyone I got the myvermectin usually within 24 to 48 hours.
There you go. The patient who required ivermectin and almost went to the hospital had some blood clots. I had to treat those. But really, COVID for my practice has been a non-event.
And then when I start to talk to people about the vaccine and the vaccine injuries, those have been rolling in people who are waking up and realizing that they were lied to and that something,
Their vaccine did have a negative health impact on them, and they need to seek treatment for it.
I've been starting to see that more.
And there's no doubt and no question that it's harming people. There's no doubt and no question that it does not work to reduce what we care about, which is hospitalization and death.
And death, and those numbers have been fudged very heavily by just saying, well, the unvaccinated are more likely to be hospitalized. That was true because the unvaccinated were more likely to have
to have.
More diet and lifestyle issues
They have more comorbidities. They were vaccine skeptical.
Many times because they're from communities that have been exploited by the medical industry in the past, like the African-American community.
We're watching this where... I don't know.
And Charlie and I, we traveled quite a bit.
I'll typically ask a question. I'll say, how many of you took the vaccine?
I don't even use the word. How many of you took the shot, the father shot or the J&J shot?
Because you believed in its efficacy. I know.
Or how many of you took it because you didn't want to lose your job? Yep. Very few raise it because they believe in the efficacy.
The lion's share because of the pressure put on them.
And then we asked how many of you know someone who's died of covid very few raise your hands but then we say how many of you know somebody who has suffered or died suffered severely or died from the injection
Injection
And that's where you get the lion's share of hands going on.
And we got rid of the swine flu vaccine for 200 deaths. I know. We're now approaching 30,000 and that's theirs and that's underreported significantly. And we're pushing it now on children.
I know.
What's happened to the medical industry, it seems as though it's dominated by big pharma.
You get canceled and attacked. Yeah.
they come after your licensing especially in California I know yeah
And now you've moved, you're now what, Florida?
I live in Florida now. The pre-estate in the country. Thank you, Governor DeSantis. Thank you, yes.
They're dominating the industry aren't they big pharma they are but you know the word on the you were flying the wall of the doctors lounge
The conversation around the vaccine is very tense.
Because there's some people who cannot give it up. They will go to their grades. They're doubling down.
Yeah, that's sort of a foible of human nature. People, they become inflexible. We talked about that the other day. Max Planck.
One of the founders of quantum physics said science advances one funeral at a time, by which he meant that science doesn't advance because old scientists are converting to new opinions. it advances because they do.
Because they die and replaced by new scientists who have flexibility, a cognitive flexibility to adopt new ideas or consider an alternative possibility.
They're not prideful and and and stuff. exactly right, or stiff-necked. Yeah.
Right, or heart of heart.
So you see that in the break rooms of the doctors where there's some that are just from my colleagues who are still in the hospital. But even as the data rolls in, there's still
And they're still not challenged. It's almost like they just... Well, the sad thing is that they don't go back and look at the original data. They accept what they're told by their colleagues who they accept as...
Except as experts and the experts are cherry picking their data and
You know, I've had conversations with people who've been on the inside of closed-door meetings on vaccines, and when those closed-door meetings happen,
What's actually said is very, it's a very Machiavellian kind of calculus of, well, if a person
You know, the vaccine will cause this many injuries, and of this many injuries, this many will be, you know, permanent disability, death, and that's certainly not communicated.
They try to make that controversial. It's not controversial. It's an actual vaccine injury compensation act that created basically and really led Big Pharma off the hook for all of their injuries.
Yeah, they have no liability. Yeah, I mean, it would be like saying, okay, Mercedes-Benz is not liable for faulty brakes. Or, you know, the builder of this, you know, building a convention center is not liable.
reliable if there's a terrible failure in the building and it kills people in a collapse. And if you follow the money, the vaccine company is making billions.
They have billions. It's one of the most, probably, they may be the most profitable pharmaceutical product in history. And where they're guinea pigs, and we have no recourse when we watch our
much our loved ones suffer from this experimentation upon society. And that's why civil disobedience is the answer. People must not comply. They must not get their kids back.
If it's vaccinated, they must not get vaccinated for their job. They have to make whatever sacrifices are necessary because the only way out of this is mass noncompliance. Don't.
You're old school, at 34 years young, you're not really into social media. I love the fact that you're seldom as ever on your phone.
You're a copious reader. You're well-educated.
I mean, it is an anomaly, quite honestly, for your generation.
But that being said,
How do folks at least connect with you and support you and learn from you? Can you give them
So whatever you have, people should go to my website, stillmanmd.com. Stillman. S-T-I-L-L-M-A-N.com. MD.com. Amazon Medical Doctor. Yeah.
Yeah.
and they can find me on social media, StonemanMD. That's my Twitter, Instagram, I think Facebook handles. It's very easy to find me there and if you find me there and you really need
And you really want, what I recommend people do is sign up for my newsletter. Yeah. Which is where I'm putting out the most important content that I really want people to be aware of. Very helpful newsletter, might I add. Folks, you really need to subscribe.
Subscribe to this.
it's the the information you need when everyone else out there.
Has no concern for your health.
he's got no dog in this fight. he didn't get. you don't get. when you're ready to get paid, you're not rolling in money
You just really believe in what you do to do no harm.
I agree, yeah. Hypocritical.
Yeah, it's really, it became very simple for me when they talked about a mandate, which was that, you know,
No matter what the personal or economic cost may be
It didn't stand to live in a world where people were compelled to do something medically because some expert thinks it's the best thing for them. And everything that X-rays.
that expert said has proven to be wrong.
I know. Yeah, and they're still coming after us, so. That's right. You're doing it. I'm grateful for you. And I actually, the great joy for me is to be able to tell everyone, I call you my friend. You're my brother and co-worker
I'm thankful for all you do.
and i know the lord has stuff for us in the future together but i want everyone to know how precious his brother is and how grateful i am god brought him into my life and now.
God brought him into your life. And thanks, Dr. Stillman. Thank you. You rock.
there you go folks.
Man on the cutting edge, follow him, you learned how to do it.
And if you don't, why? Why? Do you want to remain stupid? No.
We're Christians.
Fear the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. There's wisdom here. Tap into it. God bless you guys. We'll see you at the next interview.